README.md, before:

So I basically wanted a personal website and thought "Why not build it myself?"
This website is a simple ReactJS application and may change overtime. Feel free to use this project for your own website if you find it useful :)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

Installs everything you need to get started. This should be run right after cloning.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### GitHub pages deployment

To publish the app run the script `npm run deploy` which is essentially running `gh-pages -d build`.

Commit message:

Added new files for resume in project (to eventually refactor to S3 bucket). And added more details to the README.md along with a link to the source code of this project.

README.md, after:

So I basically wanted a personal website and thought "Why not build it myself?"
This website is a simple ReactJS application and may change overtime. Feel free to use this project for your own website if you find it useful :)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

Installs everything you need to get started. This should be run right after cloning.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br />
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

### `npm run deploy`

To publish the app which is essentially running `gh-pages -d build`. Ensure to run the build command before deploying or simply run `npm run predeploy`. This will add the new code to the `gh-pages` branch and will be visible [here](https://jdboisvert.github.io/)
